Support value packing (#169)
56quarters/cadence: cadence/README.md

);
```

### Value Packing

> Value packing is supported for `HISTOGRAM`, `DISTRIBUTION`, and `TIMING` metrics for Datadog agent

Reviewer: nit: Could you change the phrasing here a bit? 
```suggestion
Value packing is supported for histograms, distributions, and timers when writing to the Datadog agent
```

Author: Done in 014e678!
